Kobach ’ s law blocked the registration of more than 35,000 eligible Kansas voter and dissuaded countless others from attempting to register . The law wa necessary , Kobach argued , because the handful of known voter fraud case were the “ tip of the iceberg. ” When he failed in court to provide evidence supporting the claim , U.S. District Court Judge Julie Robinson said the iceberg wa “ only an icicle ” and ruled the law unconstitutional . Kansas Attorney General Derek Schmidt and Secretary of State Scott Schwab picked up the baton when Kobach left office following his failed attempt to become governor . An appeal court again rejected the state ’ s argument in support of the law , and the U.S. Supreme Court AllianceChicago community health center have their own unique research review process and may include formal Institutional Review Board ( IRB ) review and/or in-person presentation to community review board . We help our collaborating researcher navigate the research review process by serving a an administrative liaison . AllianceChicago ’ s IRB of Record is the Chicago Department of Public Health Institutional Review Board . Even during the Cold War , West Germany defied three American president – Nixon , Carter , and Reagan – by bartering steel pipe for Soviet energy . But what might have made economic sense during the global oil shock of the 1970s now reflects only Bismarck ’ s admonition : Don ’ t rile the Russians . Today , however , Merkel is acting on a new stage , and not only because of oversupply and dwindling demand a the industrial world shift to solar , wind , and higher efficiency . Suddenly , Merkel is “ home alone . ” It is not just the US , Britain , and nervous East Europeans who want to reduce Nord Stream 2 to scrap . Even the French are turning against the deal . Even during the Cold War , West Germany defied three American president – Nixon , Carter , and Reagan – by bartering steel pipe for Soviet energy . But what might have made economic sense during the global oil shock of the 1970s now reflects only Bismarck ’ s admonition : Don ’ t rile the Russians . Today , however , Merkel is acting on a new stage , and not only because of oversupply and dwindling demand a the industrial world shift to solar , wind , and higher efficiency . Suddenly , Merkel is “ home alone. ” It is not just the US , Britain , and nervous East Europeans who want to reduce Nord Stream 2 to scrap . Even the French are turning against the deal . Draghi ’ s ascension to the European stage alongside Macron and Merkel also implies closer EU-US relation . US President Joe Biden could not find a better ally in Europe . Italy ’ s new government , Draghi vowed , will be “ strongly pro-European and Atlanticist , in line with Italy ’ s historical anchors. ” This mark a break with the foreign policy of Giuseppe Conte , the previous prime minister , who had aligned Italy more closely with China . Draghi is giving the transatlantic alliance a chance to recover after four year of Donald Trump ’ s strategic recklessness . Mark Johnson , an adjunct professor at the University of Kansas School of Law who represented a KU student in a joined case , said the appeal probably account for 25 % of the total cost of attorney fee and expense .